I have been in the SNHU Computer Science filed for almost three years now. It has been a hard 3 years of learning something completely new and intriguing, but I have enjoyed the challenge. I  believe this program has helped me immensity in my current position. Some of the top skills I have learned has been: 
1.	Programing ( Java and Python Specify) 
2.	Project Management ( Agile and waterfall methods) 
3.	Database ( SQL and MongoDB) 
Currently, I am in the field of Industrial Automation in this field I use the skills of computer science almost every day.  I used a lot of programming concepts in programming PLC and controllers. Also, all these instruments connect to some sort of PC to collect or store the data. These are usually stored in a database of some sort. I plan on staying in this filed and sharpening my skills, I hope to open my own business someday where I could do the consulting and programming for water and wastewater treatment plant and mining applications. 
The code review is an essential part of deploying any type of code.  The code review should be done before any part of the code goes out into production. The goal of the code review is to find the “bugs” and error before anything goes out into production and an update is needed to fix something. By fixing the bugs and issues before production you can save a lot of time, money, and reputation. 
The code review should be performed be for a development team to take a new project. This gives the team a chance to become finial with the code, and what tasks it should be performing. One of the best practices that I have seen through my learning at SNHU is to stay positive about the code review process. If a team is fixing issues that come up with your code do not take it personally or thing that you are a bad developer. This is not a process where a developer should be criticized for mistakes made. Take it as more of a learning opportunity to see how another developer would take the same problem. 
In my line of work, we do a functional test before any of the wires are connected to the controller. This kind of test is nice because you get to how a thing is going to operate before you put it in service. I think to implement some sort of user test after a team does the code review but before the final production would solve some issues as well.  	
Throughout this program, I have learned a lot of valuable skills in the computer science field. The most valuable one has been in different programming languages. I already started my career in Industrial Automation about 10 years ago. This is a field a enjoy and am excited to take what I learned here and apply it to the future. I am currently programming PLCs (programmable logic controllers) for water and wastewater, industrial and manufacturing applications. I have applied some of the C, Java, and python programming to these programs already. I really would like to become more proficient in Java and Python. Most of these controllers have a lynx-based system and you can write Python scripts directly to the controller. Java is great for data logging and reporting. Most of what I use is Node-Red which is a Java-based program. I understand I am in a little different position as most people coming out of college, but I am excited to further my career with this degree and possibly apply it to other industries. 





Data Structures Enhancement
This artifact is from the intro into Java class I took almost a year and a half ago. In this artifact, we were asked to write a program for a Zoo. The key to this program is to limit access to the user that is login in. So, the zookeepers would see fewer options than the vet and so on. 
This class was probably the most difficult in my program. I was new at programing in general and this was my first introductions to Java. The Class seemed to move at a pace that I struggled to keep up with. On the final artifact, I was able to get everything figured out except the encryption of the passwords.  
For my Data Structure Enhancement, I decided to create the encryption necessary to hide someone's credentials as they log in to the system. To do this I used the MD5 Digest code to run the credentials through a key generator. Pretty much if the two keys come out the same on the other side then they pass, and the user is granted access. If they do not match access is denied. Also, if you just type the key in from the code the access is denied it must go through the MD5 program to authenticate the credentials.  
Software Engineering/Design
See Video Code Review in Submission. 
For this artifact, I would like to enchase exchange my code and dashboard on the Raspberry pi system. In the final, we were asked to provide a working weather station. I would like to enchase this by adding pressure and light measurement to this to enhance the weather station and get more data. I would also like to edit the dashboard to make it a little more readable. This project is close to what I would like to do more of in my career so I think this would be a great opportunity to dive further into this. 
DB Enhancement 
Databases were the hardest for me to pick up. I think because there were not as many classes on them so the opportunity to work with the different databases were few and far between. 
For my Database Enhancement I decided to create a RESTFUL API that could add, delete, and create posts on a blog site. This was a bit of a challenge because I did not have access to a MongoDB server. I was able to get around this be downloading Visual Studio Code. This gave me the terminal along with the tools to create a Mongo DB route and post in Java. To test this, I used a free instance of AWS running Mongo DB. I was able to post to this database and make changes. 

ePortfolio Overall
The skills I will be showing are the ability to work in Java, python, and Mongo DB. With the enhancements, I listed above I believe I will show how security is kept in mind while writing code. I choose theses artifact because it closely resembles what my career focus will be in the future. I am in the manufacturing and municipal sector and need to be proficient in python, java, and how to interface with different databases. This is all crucial when controlling a process or multiple processes in a plant. 
